Unbreakable word. Yeah, right, right. Yeah, that stumped me.
This unbreakable word is this word where we are. It's in Tibet, it says "mamji". "Mamji gikti".
In the pronunciation, "mamji gikti". I see.
"Mamji" means "unbreakable". Yeah, but why? Why is that calling "unbreakable"?
Because this, particularly, this era, this era or the time of the Buddha Chaka Muni,
when it comes to this era, what is unbreakable, that emotion, the sentient beings,
are the human beings that emotion is so strong, the emotions are so glued so strongly to theirs.
So it's just not easy to separate that.
That's why it is called unbreakable.
In the New Mingua, it's so strong, hard, and it's just tense, it's really unbreakable.
For that reason, what is the teaching said, too.
But among the old one thousand Buddha, when Buddha see,
and with Buddha, according to the teaching, when Buddha came to this world,
they know exactly what the situation will be before they came.
And all one thousand Buddhists see that all the different eras,
this particular time when Buddha Chaka Muni came this world,
the emotion is so strong, hard, dense of the human beings, it's just hardly to break.
So that makes it difficult to benefit, difficult to mature their mind.
So then all Buddhists are kind of a little bit, all Buddhists are a little bit hesitant.
Hesitated, in the teaching said.
But Buddha Chaka Muni came on the front, said, "I will go."
So therefore, Buddha Chaka Muni is also, according to the teaching,
at a regular level, he is so strong.
He is the most courageous person among all the one thousand Buddha,
and therefore he is praised as white lotus.
White lotus among all the lotus.
In the teaching said, said that in the ancient time,
a long time ago, that time, inhabitants are not completely developed.
According to the teaching said, a long time ago,
the old is completely formed, and then inhabitants are not yet developed,
loved, and at that time, there are these big oceans or lights there,
and they started growing beautiful lotus.
Growing lotus, so beautiful lotus, really growing.
But among every one, all the lotus are all red, except one.
One is white, very beautiful.
And many gods saw that, all that.
They said, "Oh, it's so beautiful flowers,
but all there is such as everything is red,
but it's just only one white flower, why is that kind of flower?"
There.
And then some others said, "Oh, this is the indication of the word 'pruchure.'"
Pruchure will be in there, great teacher will come.
And among all the teachers, there is one great teacher,
well, except the difficult times of this era, of the eons,
and that is what is indicated, and that is what the Buddha Shakyamuni is.
So that's really in the teaching sense.
The Buddha Shakyamuni is a courage, and so therefore, many times in the teaching,
that maybe you sometimes mention this mungi,
many times, this mungi or the unbreakable world of this.
Okay, thank you. Yes, yes, yes, please.